{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Thin;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-ThinItalic;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red44\green57\blue248;\red251\green0\blue17;\red251\green11\blue40;
\red33\green2\blue255;\red26\green12\blue255;\red251\green0\blue42;\red32\green37\blue255;\red28\green58\blue255;
\red18\green38\blue255;\red49\green24\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red236\green86\blue90;\red19\green0\blue250;
\red241\green0\blue13;\red37\green40\blue42;\red9\green0\blue251;\red240\green0\blue20;\red5\green1\blue1;
\red42\green47\blue47;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c22755\c34205\c97905;\cssrgb\c100000\c12632\c7191;\cssrgb\c100000\c16553\c20509;
\cssrgb\c18048\c20126\c100000;\cssrgb\c14553\c21163\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c9511\c21248;\cssrgb\c17394\c27555\c100000;\cssrgb\c14682\c34890\c100000;
\cssrgb\c9419\c28077\c100000;\cssrgb\c25613\c24131\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c94930\c43115\c42834;\cssrgb\c10839\c10463\c98586;
\cssrgb\c96722\c4995\c3839;\cssrgb\c19216\c20784\c21569;\cssrgb\c5905\c3755\c98935;\cssrgb\c96393\c11999\c9202;\cssrgb\c1620\c208\c161;
\cssrgb\c21569\c24314\c24314;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 AWS Embark notes \
Important links\
For Security \cf2 security.a2z.com\cf0 \
\
Andy Jessy is going to be a CEO of Amazon. \
Adam Selipsky is going to be the CEO of AWS. \
\
\
The on demand delivery of IT resources via the internet(cloud computing) \
\
What sets was apart is \
Experience, service breadth and depth, pace of innovation, global footprint, pricing philosophy, ecosystem \
Aws is proven for a customer success.  \
\
AWS philosophy(aws flywheel: make money when people use the device not when they buy it) \
\
Amazon Peculiar \
\
Self service(Ownership taking your project deliverable, growth and career goal)\
Work backward(build and launch for our customers) \
Narrative( 6 page written documents) \
Acronym(to shorten thoughts , w.amazon.com)\
Tent(a belief or principle that help the team to make a difficult choices over the course of project) what tent do my team follow? \
Phone tool icons( a way to recognize amazonian for going above and beyond the scope of their job) \
\
Internship milestone\
Onboarding( complete new hire tasks in embark, meet your team members, start role specific trainings) \
Midpoint(setup midpoint review with manager, check in with your mentor, start preparing for your evaluation(AMER, APAC, EMEA))\
Final Evaluation(Conduct final presentation, complete self-review, transition project work)\
\
Write a recap email for meetings. \
\
For Any kind of problem with computer and other stuff there is a live chat with IT support(https;//firstaid.amazon-corp.com)\
\
Effective workload Management( pursuing the right goals and working efficiently) \
Weekly well is a workload management system that can help you improve your overall productivity and avoid stress and low energy. For the lower stress, eliminate distraction, and maximize productivity. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\cf4 	Weekly wheel \cf5 \
Weekly Review(do it before the weekend Friday night) \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1 To guarantee my effectiveness, I should start by aligning my goals with my team\'92s mission and goals. \
2. Process your notes and loose papers(keeping things in my head lead to stress so empty my head) \
3. Review your calendar(meeting and stuff)\
4. Review your project \
5. Rand your priority for the week\
6. Fill up your calender \
7. Take a moment to clear \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \
Inbox review\cf0  all the information from the manager and other system. Check and review all the informations. It will help to stay aware of what\'92s important, what can be delegated, and what can wait until later. \
If the action is actionable, capture and review to get it done. If the task is less than 2 mins do it. \
\
\cf7 Break all my projects into small, actionable deliverable so that everything on my to do list can eventually be done. \cf0 \
\
\cf8 Follow up review \cf0 \
\cf9 Sending Effective Emails\cf0 (is it needed, is it targeted, is it appropriate)\
\cf10 Doing\cf0 ( getting things done) \
I should spend time doing that doing other things. \
\
		Writing\
\
Offer/volunteer to write any document, and read more to be better at writing or speaking. \
\
Design Thinking( is a tangle tool for working backward) \
Customer empathy is always first -> insight generation -> ideation -> prototype -> Test and improve \
Building Customer centric products \
\
1. Empathy is the ability to understand others. Customer empathy is the to develop a deep understanding of the customers\'92s needs and how your experience make them feel, so that you can make product decision on their behalf. It starts by identifying problems that customer doesn\'92t realize they have. Gather data to you can use to make decisions. \
\
	Two type of research \
	1 Qualitative research tell us the why and how( the customers motivation, desires, pain points, and opinions by taking to them. \
	2 Quantitative research tell us the what(the behaviors and actions of customers statical method to produce measurable data)\
\
2. Insights( capture my findings, tell a story and search for meaning: finding meaningful stories) \
3. Ideation(frame your challenges and explore solutions: coming up with as many innovative ideas as possible, with less emphasis on plausibility \
HMW( how might we) It generate a number of possible answers or brainstorm and consider the following approaches(amply what\'92s good, remove what\'92s bad\'85.)\
If it\'92s hard to explain things, draw them make a visualization. \
\
4. Prototyping( make your ideas real. It\'92s a rudimentary. Tangible representation of your idea or an early working model of something. It is all about learning from failure \
5. Test and improve( brand it to life)\
\
\
\cf11 If I have an hour to solve a problem, I\'92d spend 55 minutes thinking about the problem and 5 minutes thinking about solutions. Albert Einstein. \
\
If you aren\'92t failing, you may not be thinking big enough or moving fast enough. \

\fs48 Influencing without authority 
\fs24 \
	Basic \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
\cf12 Influencing is the ability to compel(force or oblige) change in the behaviors, actions, and opinions of others. \
I want to be a good follower before I become a good leader. What are the qualities of a good follower? \
You have to build trust to be more influential in a team or in a group. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
\cf13 Disseminate\cf12 (spread thing toward others)\
\
The difference between Amazon and other companies on influencing. Building trust is different more of by providing more information or data. \
Influencing is about working along with other people. The difference/peculiar is that desire to look the fact to build an argument and building a narrative \
To influence others or outside of your team you need the leadership principle. You need Bias for action, Earn trust, have a backbone \
\
You need to have a good balance of Bias for action and earns trust.  Ask questions. Make them think harder about the topic. Be prepared make sure you understand the topic completely, and be specific. \
\
Influence map\
\
Whenever there is a new proposal or an initiative: do a thought analysis of who the stakeholders are, anticipate where they stand on the proposal, identify specific concerns the have about it, determine the  messages to customize for them to overcome their concerns. \
\
Understood the stakeholders, understand the key departments, took away one extra connection listen to people and make a connection. Everybody has something to give in life(business). 
\f1\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56425 \u8205 \u55357 \u56508 
\f0\b  \
\
	Tactical \
Have a structured approach \
Approach the influencing situation as a project. Allocating your resource accordingly in time, intent, and focus. \
Use mechanisms to create clarity working backwards.\
Invest in relationships. Build a relationship before you need something because it makes it easier to influence them later. \
Figure out what motivates your counterparts both personally and professionally. \
Be curious learn about people beyond their title, level, and tenure at Amazon. Spend time getting to know them as individuals, which build trust. \
Networking is finding someone who should I talk to. Establish a list of people. Don\'92t do it when you need them(do it when you don\'92t need them). \
When asking for help, it is important to think about \'93what\'92s in it for them\'94 \
\
Put yourself in their show and think about things from your perspective. Take time to understand your problem through the viewpoint of the person or team you\'92re trying to influence. Don\'92t make demand. Look for mitual wins.\
\
When influencing othersI(outside of your team) you need acknowledge their priority because that impact their willingness to help you eventhough they want to help you. \
\
Do the extra work. Take time to really get to know their business. How do you think about your business, what are your goals this year, how do you prioritize your work, how does a team work with you best. \
\
\
Provide each individual with as much clarity and transparent as possible. \
The customer problem(customer obsession)\
The details of your product\
How your product addresses the customer problem \
How it impacts other business issues \
What you need from them \
\
Let them know why I want their time, well structure argument, passionate connection( motivate them to get help from them)\
Clearly articulate why you want their time\
Give them a well structured argument\
Appeal to them as an individual. \
\
Collaborate \
\
Make their problem your problem, pre engagement, integration and exposure(socialize your idea early and often. Top not be discouraged if you have reframe your proposal many times. \
It\'92s not about having a perfect solution. It\'92s about making sure your idea has been seen by as many stakeholders as possible before  you make a big ask. \
\
Influencing is making someone to think about things\
Also making someone care about something about it so that they will take action. If someone care they\'92ll take action. \
\
Maintaining strong, clear communication with those you partner with is a crucial element of influencing others. \
Set Dates and Gates\
	Clearly define roles and responsibilities, who\'92s is responsible for what? Where does ownership overlap? \
	Documents next steps and future checkpoints \
Be a good partner\
	Do we all agree on the goal we\'92re trying to accomplish \
	Are we clear on individual milestones and timelines \
	are there any considerations we might have missed \
Avoid Out of sight Out of mind \
	follow up regular and hold each other accountable for deliverables \
	Review progress and make adjustments when necessary \
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf12 Tips \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf12 \
For writing well( Leaders need to write well, clear, concise, and relevant data enable) It helps learner to examine their own thinking and can help them overrule their strongest convictions to make the right decisions(Earns Trust of others, Are right a lot). \
Writing thing down helps us to clarify the logic or our thinking, and as a result, we are able to test the quality of our work and make decision on exact plans( Deliver Results)\
Challenging and engaging in direct conversation and detail supports exploring ideas fully(Have Backbone, disagree and commit) \
How can we fix the root cause(dive deep)\
If there\'92re a flawed assumption or process then redo(are right a lot, Bias for action)\
Proactive communication about issues helps maintain a nimble culture where we can demonstrate bias for action(Bias for Action) \
Respect us gained by communicating with the right level of detail accuracy, timeliness, and conviction which enables earning the trust of others(Earns trust of Others) \
\
Practice Practice Practice \
Influencing Upwards \
Understand how they prefer to take in information. Try this experiment. Next time you present information to your manager, leader, decision maker, etc) send an overview a day or two ahead of time and bring a hard copy to the meeting. \
Influencing People higher than me. In amazon, data is higher than seniority. As long as you have the evidence everyone will listen to you. Nothing beats face to face communication.  \
\
The difference between influencing within a team and outside a team. Fundamentally it\'92s similar. \
Having the confidence and grading their attention.\
listening and presenting. \
\
The most important leadership principle on influencing other is Customer obsession(customer request)\
You may not influence other and it\'92s ok. \
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
\cf11 Best practice to influence others \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
\cf12 Establish rapport: get to know them. \
Listen and acknowledge their needs first \
Recognize your influence style and act accordingly \
Collaborate on solutions\
Be respectful with their time\
Don\'92t optimize for optics. Gain credibility. \
Work backward from customer. Be honest and realistic\
Make a clear requests with thorough requirement \
Take action, follow up and follow through. \
Be authentic. Be pleasantly relentless \
\
Day 1 \
Is a mentality includes a high degree of ownership and a hyper vigilance to stamp out any signals of Day 2. \
It is a way of being and operations to this or in a day 2 way, means eventual organizational decline, entropy, and death. It acknowledges that growth breeds complexity and the tendency to slow down. \
\
I should take the CPC for July 1st\
\
Work culture tips for the WWPS SA team \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
\cf14 Bring Energy \
Take charge \
Be a positive source of energy\cf12 \
\
\
SA Role Clarity \
The best practice for engagement by sales teams. \
1. Customer Best Interest The SA will be a perceived as a trusted consultant and virtual team member of the customer\'92s organization. \
2. Business Opportunities Focus: The SA team is part of the field operation(Sales). And its primary purpose is to identify develop, and realize business opportunities. \
3. Architectural Integrity: Longer-term customer satisfaction will ultimately be the biggest factor in growing the business. \
4. Best practice Body of Knowledge: Best practice for AWS workload design and development is a key accelerant to the business, and the SA team must take a leadership role in this regard. \
5. Platform Improvement: The sa team is a unique position to identify and understand technical issues and opportunities for the AWS platform, and will champion these within the broader AWS organization. \
6. Partner Ecosystem Imperative: Partner ecosystem is a necessity for our business to thrive. Each initiatives will include partner ecosystem consideration. \
7. Measurement and Systematic Orientation: Possibly be will be data driven. \
\
SA support ranging from simple to complex(100 - 400). \
The SA function is the primary technical owner of the customer relationship as part of the field sales team, building a long term relationship. \
Trusted technical advisor for customer and business. \
Help customer on solutions that meet their technical, business and security needs.  \
No operational delivery or support outside of an advisory role. \
\
SA roles \
The account and Territory SAs are experts in a customer\'92s mission, supporting field sellers. \
The Specialist SAs provide overall support in a specific technology or industry across an entire geography(WWPS US)\
The Partner SAs help consulting partners capture AWS business in a sell through motion using prototypes and RFx support. \
The Central SA team to assist account and partner SA team handle cloud 101 questions, early stage training request and qualification of AWS solutions(Early career generalist SAs). \
Lead Architects function as a CTOs for their vertical. \
\
\cf15 Leadership Principle \cf12 \
Describe how amazon business work, how leaders lead, and make decision on behalf of customers. \
1. Customer Obsession( customer centric) working backward. It\'92s okay to fail as long as we learn from it. It\'92s hard to make trust but easily to lose it. \
Customer are the heart beat of every organization and the ability to earn and keep their trust is ultimate. If AWS doesn\'92t believe, selling you a product if it doesn\'92t benefit the customers. If the customers are not benefited form the service, there should not be any sell. \
\
2. Hire and develop the best \
Leaders raise the performance bar with every hire and promotion. Leader develop leaders and take seriously their role in coaching other. Hiring the right people is the first step to raising the performance bar. \
Thing for long term. Developing mechanism for the career development. \
\
3. Are Right, a lot \
\
Leaders are right a lot. The have strong judgment and good instincts. Making the right decision for the customers. \
\
4. Bias for Action\
\
Speed matter in business. Calculated risk taking. If the action is reversible just take the action. \
\
5. Deliver results\
Leaders focus on the key inputs for their business and deliver them with the right quality and in a timely fashion. \
Identify what needs to be accomplished and get it done. \
\
6. Dive Deep\
\
Leaders operate at all levels, stay connected to the details, audit frequently, and are skeptical when metrics and anecdote differ. Pay attention to anecdotes and specific details.  \
\
7. Think Big \
Thinking small is a self-fulfilling prophecy. Leaders create and communicate a bold direction that inspires results. \
\
8. Earn Trust \
\
Leaders listen attentively, speak candidly, and treat other respectfully. The are vocally self-critical, even when doing so is awkward or embarrassing. \
Be transparent. \
\
9. Frugality\
Overcoming limitations. \
Accomplish more with less. Inventing our way out of constraints. \
\
10. Learn and be Curious\
\
Leaders are never done learning. Seek to improve. Curious about new possibility. \
\
11. Have Backbone, Disagree and commit \
\
Leaders are obligated to respectfully challenge decisions when they disagree, even when doing so is uncomfortable or exhausting. \
If we discuss enough or debate enough there\'92s always a better answer.(right answer). \
\
\
12. Insist on the Highest standards \
Leader have relentlessly high standards. Leaders take the first action and make sure the problem is fixed. \
\
13. Invent and Simplify \
\
Leaders expect and require innovation and invention from their teams and always find ways to simplify. \
\
14. Ownership \
\
Leaders are owners. They think long term and don\'92t sacrifice long term value for short term results. Never say \'93that\'92s not my job. \
\
70/20/10 learning from experience, other, and resources\
\
Continuous learning(The 4E\'92s)\
	Education learning from the traditional sources. \
	Experience learning by doing. \
	Exposure learning from interacting with or observing others\
	Environment the infrastructure that support learning \
\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs34 \cf16 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
AWS External Communications \
\
Consistently stay on topic. (I am not the best person to answer that question)\
AWS help Netflix on compute, storage, and infrastructure that allow the company to scale quickly, operate securely, and set capacity needs anther pin the world. \
Coinbase prevent fraud by using amazon pagemaker to develop machine learning algorithms. \
Airbnb \
\
Positive messages \
Security and operational excellence are our top priorities\
We are obsessed with inventing on behalf of our customers. Working backward. \
AWS has a relentless focus on innovation. It allows AWS to pass cost savings on to our customers. \
Companies of all sizes are deploying their applications to the AWS cloud. \
\
What technical challenge you are trying to solve, and I can draw an architectural diagram of our service that can be use to build a solution. \
We don\'92t classify aws as an IaaS company. \
Don\'92t use Iaas, PaaS, or SaaS. \
Avoid cloud definitions. Talk about the benefits. \
Don\'92t comment on rumors or speculation(I\'92m not the right person to comment on that).\
You are not an AWS spokesperson. \
\
AWS provides high scalable, elastic, secure, and cost effective solutions for storing, transcoding and distributing a full range of video, audio, and digital media content. \
Don\'92t say(Best, first, fastest, largest)\
Highlight customer success stories. \
Ensure the data is approved for public use. \
\
Don\'92t answer question too literally\
Listen to the question. \
Sell your messages and why customers love using AWS. \
\
Avoid bringing up a top the leads to difficult questions. \
Keep your response short \
Don\'92t get your self out on thing ice\
Don\'92t reference customer example that have been written about negatively in the press. \
\
AWS don\'92t disclose information\
Don\'92t disclose any information about how AWS is run\
Never disclose information about Adoption number, contract \
\
\
Frugality is spending money wisely and effectively. Accomplish more with less. Cheap product looks cheap, but in the long run they\'92re expensive. \
Data is the most valuable thing they have. \
\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf17 HIPAA\cf16 (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act) is a federal law that required create of nation standards to protect sensitive patients health Information for being disclosed without a patient\'92s consent or knowledge.\
Hipaa compliance is important. AWS has to get HIPAA compliance right, 100% of the time. If not Potential Risk to customers, fine and lawsuits. \
AWS Personal Responsibilities \
1. To maintain security and privacy of PHI(Protected Health Information)\
2. To report supported HIPAA issues to aws security\
\
PHI is information that can identify a single person that relates to the person\'92t health statues, healthcare, or payment of healthcare. \
\
Diversity is the combination of unique skills, experience, perspective, and cultural backgrounds that make us who we are and ultimately benefit our global customers. \
Equity is the fairness access, opportunity, and advancement for all. Equity looks to identify and eliminate Barries that have prevented the full participation fo some groups.\
Inclusion is providing an environment where our employees feel valued, trusted, connected, and informed. \
\
Dominant(insider) Culture(might be based upon individual who form the majority or have the decision-making power. In this case, the norms and values of the organization begin to look like the norms and values f the dominant culture. \
Subordinate(Outsider) culture include many thing that do not look sound, or feel like the dominant culture. It\'92s hard for subordinate culture to fit in and feeling included is difficult. 
\f0\b\fs24 \cf12 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
\cf12 \
\
One way door is a decision that you cannot go back(Almost impossible to reverse). There is no going back without significant effort. Example jeopardizing a customer. \
Two way door is a decision that you can come back and correct it. \
\
High velocity decision making it all about making decision fast.(Speed matters in business). Speed is a how fast you move in any direction, running in a circle. Velocity is how fast you move toward a destination(goal). It\'92s a direction-aware. \
\
Decision that impact customer trust\
	Amazon is a customer centric company, earning customer trust is amazon\'92s top priority. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
\cf18 Trust takes years to build, seconds to break, and forever to repair. \cf19 Trust is the foundation of all possible relationships in the workplace. It is also one of the most vulnerable aspects of relationships, particularly fragile in terms of rapid growth or change, or when the is virtual. \
\
Deciding the importance and impact of a decision is the most important decision you can make. \

\fs50 \
Interrupting Unconscious biases 
\fs24 \
Using the series of metal shortcuts and filters based on past experiences cultural or societal norms and personal beliefs. (Unconscious bias)\
How are personal experiences, beliefs, or cultural and societal norms shaping our perspectives? \
Am I taking calculated risks or avoiding loss/conflict?\
How are personal experiences and beliefs shaping my perspective?\
Have we sought out new or different perspectives before making this decision? \
Did we allow enough time to gather and consider all data versus making quicker or easiest decision \
\

\fs36 Working Backward \

\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs34 \cf16 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
It has three parts:\
1. Press Release(PR) using customer-centric language to describe a product at a high level. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs36 \cf20 \cb21 The Press Release is a one-page narrative describing a new product, service, or feature using customer-centric language.\'a0\
Amazon Peculiar Ways \'97\'a0
\f4\i \cf20 We endeavor to speak to our customers in a tone that is neither boastful nor boring
\f3\i0 \cf20 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs34 \cf16 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\b\fs36 \cf20 \cb21 Don't bury the lede
\f3\b0 \'a0- Imagine that no one reads beyond the first paragraph, so your first paragraph should summarize the idea and put the most important information first.\
Remove amazon jargon \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs34 \cf16 \cb1 Be factual, avoid using exaggeration, customer testimonial(a fictional quote)\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf16 2. Frequently Asked Questions(FAQs) that customers and internal stakeholders may ask\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs36 \cf20 \cb21 FAQs are designed to answer questions that a customer or internal Amazonian may ask after reading a Press Release.
\f2\fs34 \cf16 \cb1 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf16 3. Visuals to help communicate an idea. \
Amazon strives to be the most customers obsessed company in the world. Customer obsession \'93leaders start with the customer and work backwards. \
As an Amazonian you are expected an empowered to approach new opportunities by focusing on what customers need or want, regardless of whatever resources, budget, or time you may have. \
Don\'92t limit ideas based to what you already know or what you think is possible. \
\
Who\'92s your customers?\
\
Ask yourself, how does the time, place, and situation in customer is in affect their needs?\
What unites all teams is a focus on benefiting end-customers. \
\
Needs are underlying functional or emotional circumstances, whereas solutions are the responses we build to resolve those circumstance.   \
Solutions are the responses we build to resolve those circumstances. It address needs or wants. \
Why does the customer need this?\
Customer connection Customer service(C2CS) offers a serious of workshops to help you become more customer obsessed, including a full-day trip to hear live customer at an Amazon Contact center. \
\
A picture is worth a thousand words. \
5 working backward questions\
1. Who is the customer?\
Dive deep to understand who the customer is what they need, and empathize with their needs.\
2. What is the customer problem or opportunity?\
What challenge does your customer wrestle with?\
3. What is the most important customer benefit?\
4. How do you know what customer need or want?\
5. What does the customer experience look like?\
\
Create something visually communicate the customer experience(CX). \
Call to action(CTA)\
Customer Experience Bar Raising(CXBR) is a company-wide program that helps product teams improve their customer experience through reviews and consultations with CX bar raisers. \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf18 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
\cf18 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
\cf12 \
}